---
layout: post
category : posts
tagline: ""
tags : [MEAN, Web, study]
---
{% include JB/setup %}


My planned study path: Html5 - CSS - js -jquery - json - angularjs - sql - mysql - DOM - php - Ajax -Mongodb - MEAN, Ionic & Cordova, Less Sass, REST, Native
 




### JavaScript
1, Case sensitive
2, In JavaScript, the first character must be a letter, an underscore (_), or a dollar sign ($). Subsequent characters may be letters, digits, underscores, or dollar signs.
3, Camel Case for identifiers.
4, Can not compare objects in js.
5, Don't Use new Object()
Use {} instead of new Object()
Use "" instead of new String()
Use 0 instead of new Number()
Use false instead of new Boolean()
Use [] instead of new Array()
Use /()/ instead of new RegExp()
Use function (){} instead of new function()
Example
var x1 = {};           // new object
var x2 = "";           // new primitive string
var x3 = 0;            // new primitive number
var x4 = false;        // new primitive boolean
var x5 = [];           // new array object
var	x6 = /()/;         // new regexp object
var x7 = function(){}; // new function object

6, Use === Comparison
The == comparison operator always converts (to matching types) before comparison.

The === operator forces comparison of values and type:

7, switch statements use strict comparison
8, 

Misunderstanding Floats
All numbers in JavaScript are stored as 64-bits Floating point numbers (Floats).

All programming languages, including JavaScript, have difficulties with precise floating point values:

var x = 0.1;
var y = 0.2;
var z = x + y            // the result in z will not be 0.3
if (z == 0.3)            // this if test will fail
Try it Yourself »
To solve the problem above, it helps to multiply and divide:

Example
var z = (x * 10 + y * 10) / 10;       // z will be 0.3

9, breaking a statement in the middle of a string will not work: Need to use escape letter. \
var x = "Hello \
World!";

10, objects use named indexes. array use number indexes.

11, JavaScript does not create a new scope for each code block.

12, Undefined is Not Null
With JavaScript, null is for objects, undefined is for variables, properties, and methods.

To be null, an object has to be defined, otherwise it will be undefined.

If you want to test if an object exists, this will throw an error if the object is undefined:

Incorrect:
if (myObj !== null && typeof myObj !== "undefined") 
Because of this, you must test typeof() first:

Correct:
if (typeof myObj !== "undefined" && myObj !== null) 

Better:
if (typeof myObj !== "undefined") //
    if (myObj !== null)           //If the object doesn't exist, it couldn't be compared with null.

13, JSON names require double quotes. JavaScript names don't.

14, JavaScript Objects are Mutable
Objects are mutable: They are addressed by reference, not by value.

If y is an object, the following statement will not create a copy of y:

var x = y;  // This will not create a copy of y.
The object x is not a copy of y. It is y. Both x and y points to the same object.

Any changes to y will also change x, because x and y are the same object.